gh-124285: document assumptions on __bool__/__len__ behaviour (#124723)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/datamodel.rst

   .. index:: single: __len__() (mapping object method)

   Called to implement truth value testing and the built-in operation
   :func:`bool`; should return ``False`` or ``True``.  When this method is not
   defined, :meth:`~object.__len__` is called, if it is defined, and the object is
   considered true if its result is nonzero.  If a class defines neither
   :meth:`!__len__` nor :meth:`!__bool__`, all its instances are considered
   true.

>    Two successive calls to :meth:`!__bool__` on the same object must
>    return same value.

Author: ```suggestion
   Implementations are permitted to assume that calls to :meth:`!__bool__`
   will not mutate any object.
```
How about this?  Ditto for ``__len__``.
